---
title:		"How to buy old mobiles online in best price !"
date:		2020-10-16 21:17:00
updated:	2021-01-06 14:39:01
tags: 
  - Best
  - How
  - Mobiles
  - old
  - price
  - technology	
permalink:	https://www.techtracker.in/2020/10/how-to-buy-old-mobiles-online-in-best.html
---

We know there are alot of mobiles available in entry level, budget, flagship categories not every one can won get flagship mobile due to various factors like don't want to spend more money then thier budget or for thier personal finance issues.<div><br></div><div>There are two three options to buy old mobiles either offline, or from people you may know or online, in this three options online mode to buy old mobiles are safe considering all factors.<br><div><br></div><div>This is when used, refurbished, pre - owned, un - boxed mobiles comes with low prices based on quality like unboxed, just like new, super, good, few scratches and no noticeable dents etc.</div><div><br></div><div>Based upon the quality of mobile the prices will vary the least quality will be pricing low and the high quality mobile will be pricing higher in range compared to new mobiles.</div><div><br></div><div>Specifically, in scenario of refurbished mobiles that they got will be repaired by expert technician and make it just like new so the prices of this type variant mobiles will be just 10 to 20% deduction to original price mobiles.</div><div><br></div><div>Now, to buy this mobiles we have tradional sites like olx.in or quickr.in where registered users will list thier mobiles but this sites are risky.</div><div><br></div><div>We are not going to list this sites, we will present you geniune sites where you will get warrant and assurance for upto 6 to 12 months in best price.</div><div><br></div><div>- <b>Old mobiles buying portals.</b></div><div><br></div><div><b>• Cashify&nbsp;- SuperSale online B2B buying for retailers.</b></div><div><br></div><div>Cashify was the India's most popular mobile sell website &amp; app available for android &amp; ios both of the website : <a href="http://cashify.in">cashify.in</a> and app offered by cashify available in play - store.</div><div><br></div><div>Cashify was offered by cashify.in is released on <b>5 Jun 2020</b> with latest version <b>5.0.5</b> updated on <b>14 Oct 2020</b>&nbsp;with <b>3.9</b> rating and <b>10k</b> downloads in size of <b>5.74mb</b> available in playstore.</div><div><p dir="ltr"><b>Easy Payment Methods :-</b></p>
<p dir="ltr">Debit/Credit Card<br><br></p><p dir="ltr">
UPI<br><br></p><p dir="ltr">
Netbanking<br><br></p><p dir="ltr">
Wallet</p><p dir="ltr"><br>
To register yourself as partner with us, please drop a mail to <a href="mailto:supersale@cashify.in">supersale@cashify.in</a></p></div><div><br></div><div><b>- Requirements</b>&nbsp;</div><div><br></div><div>• Address</div><div><br></div><div>• Address proff</div><div><br></div><div>• PAN Card</div><div><br></div><div>You can mobiles single and bulk just you have give all the requirements.</div><div><br></div><div>Note : cashify only available for retailers only.</div><div><br></div><div>For more details : <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.cashify.supersales">here</a></div><div><br></div><div><b>• 2Gud</b></div><div><br></div><div>2Gud is the alternative to ebay.in ebay left out of due to whatever reasons but the 2Gud did the out put they want to get from indian audience.</div><div><br></div><div>Instead ebay.in 2gud follow simple procedure like they will list the products available and you can choose and purchase products instead from&nbsp;</div><div>individuals like in <a href="http://eBay.in">eBay.in</a><br></div><div><br></div><div>2gud was available through website 2gub.com and app offered by 2gud available in playstore was released on <b>19 Dec 2018</b> with latest version <b>3.3</b> updated on <b>3 Sept 2020</b> with rating of <b>4.2</b> and <b>1m</b>+ downloads in playstore.</div><div><br></div><div>For more details : <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.toogud.android">here</a></div><div><br></div><div>• <b>Yaantra Store by phonecash</b></div><div><br></div><div>PhoneCash recently released mobile sell app they have thier own store called yaantra Store where you can buy mobiles available in playstore.</div><div><br></div><div>Yaantra store released on 23 Sept 2019 with latest version 1.1 updated on 6 April 2020 with 1.9 rating and 500+ downloads in size of 1.9 mb in playstore.</div><div><br></div><div>For more details : <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=yaantra.app.store">here</a></div><div><br></div><div>• <a href="http://Budli.in">Budli.in</a></div><div><br></div><div>We least recommend this website they won't give proper price to your product if you want to sell to them buy you get heavy discounts if you want to buy from them.</div><div><br></div><div>• <b>Mobilegoo Shop</b></div><div><br></div><div>Mobilegoo was one of the popular app where you can sell mobiles where you can even buy mobiles through thier mobilegoo buy portal available in playstore.</div><div><br></div><div>Mobilegoo Shop offered by Scible infotech Pvt limited released on <b>23 march 2019</b> with latest version <b>1.0</b> updated on <b>23 march 2019</b> with <b>2.7</b> rating and <b>10k</b>+ downloads in playstore.</div><div><br></div><div>For more details : <a href="https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.mobilegooshop_reactnative">here</a></div><div><br></div><div><b>Note</b> : Cashify and 2Gud seems to legit and good portals to buy mobiles and remaining ones you can try your chance we don't recommend them.</div><div><br></div><div><b>Finally</b>, this are the available popular options and legit options to buy old mobiles online do say us have you found this useful.</div></div>
<!-- no comments on this post -->